Google re captcha (#580)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/security-google-recaptcha.md

title: Google reCAPTCHA
---

> Google reCAPTCHA ensures that a human being, rather than a computer, is interacting with your website. Unlike the standard Magento [CAPTCHA]({% link stores/security-captcha.md %}), Google reCAPTCHA provides enhanced security with a selection of different display options and methods. Additional website traffic information is available in the dashboard of your Google reCAPTCHA account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google reCAPTCHA ensures that a human being, rather than a computer (or "bot"), is interacting with your website. Unlike the standard Magento [CAPTCHA]({% link stores/security-captcha.md %}), Google reCAPTCHA provides enhanced security with a selection of different display options and methods. Additional website traffic information is available in the dashboard of your Google reCAPTCHA account.
```

Google reCAPTCHA is configured separately for the Magento Admin and storefront.

- For the Admin, Google reCAPTCHA can be used on the [Sign In]({% link stores/admin-signin.md %}) page and when a user requests a password reset. If the standard [Magento CAPTCHA]({% link stores/security-captcha.md %}) is also enabled, Google reCAPTCHA can be used at the same time without any problem.

- For the storefront, Google reCAPTCHA can be used to sign in to a [customer account]({% link customers/customer-sign-in.md %}), send a message from the [Contact Us]({% link stores/contact-us.md %}) page, and in numerous other storefront locations.

   ![Google reCAPTCHA - customer login]({% link images/images/customer-account-login-recaptcha.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Customer Login with reCAPTCHA v2_

[Google reCAPTCHA][1] can be implemented in several ways:

>   - _reCAPTCHA v3 Invisible_ — Uses an algorithm to rate user interactions and determines the liklihood that the user is human based on a score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _reCAPTCHA v3 Invisible_ — Uses an algorithm to rate user interactions and determines the likelihood that the user is human based on a score.
```

   - _reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible_ — (**recommended**) Performs background verification without user interaction. Users and customers are automatically verified, but might be required to select specific images to complete a challenge.

   - _reCAPTCHA v2 ("I am not a robot")_ — Validates requests with the _"I'm not a robot"_ checkbox.

{:.bs-callout-warning}
Before Google reCAPTCHA can be configured, ensure that your `PHP.ini` file includes the following setting: `allow_url_fopen = 1`. This may require developer assistance. See [Required PHP Settings](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.html){:target="_blank"}.

## Step 1: Generate Google reCAPTCHA keys

Google reCAPTCHA requires a pair of API keys to enable. You can get these keys free of charge through the [reCAPTCHA site][2]. Before generating the keys, you must know the type of reCAPTCHA that you want to use.

1. Open the [Google reCAPTCHA page][2] and log in to your account.

> 1. Enter a **Label** to identify the keys for internal reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Label**, enter a name to identify the keys for internal reference.
```

   You need one set of keys for each reCAPTCHA type that is used in your Magento installation. For example: `Magento v2 Invisible`

> 1. Choose the **reCAPTCHA type** that you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **reCAPTCHA type**, choose the method that you want to use.
```

   - _reCAPTCHA v3 Invisible_
   - _reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible_
   - _reCAPTCHA v2 ("I am not a robot")_

> 1. Enter your store's **Domain**. For example: mystore.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Domain**, enter your store's domain. For example: mystore.com
```

Author: I think it's better to incorporate the field name in the instruction, if it can be done naturally, as in this case. But I'll go ahead and do it for consistency at this point.

1. Click **SUBMIT** to complete registration and receive keys.

   ![Google reCAPTCHA Keys]({% link images/images/recaptcha-keys.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Google reCAPTCHA Keys_

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   **Important!** Not all keys are applicable for all types of reCAPTCHA, and misapplying them could lead to unexpected behavior. For example, Google reCAPTCHA keys generated for _reCAPTCHA v2 "I'm not a robot"_ will not work with _reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible_ and could block functionality where reCAPTCHA is enabled.

## Step 2: Configure Google reCAPTCHA Admin Panel

1. Sign in to the Admin of your Magento store.

1. On the Admin sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Settings_ > **Configuration**.

1. In the upper-right corner, set **Store View** to `Default Config`.

1. In the left panel, expand **Security** and click **Google reCAPTCHA Admin Panel**.

1. To use _reCAPTCHA v2 ("I am not a robot")_, expand the **reCAPTCHA v2 ("I am not a robot")** section and do the following:

>    - In the **Google API Website Key** field, enter the website key that was created for this reCAPTCHA type when you registered your Google reCAPTCHA account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **Google API Website Key**, enter the website key that was created for this reCAPTCHA type when you registered your Google reCAPTCHA account.
```

>    - Enter the **Google API Secret Key** that is associated with your Google reCAPTCHA account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **Google API Secret Key**, enter the secret key that is associated with your Google reCAPTCHA account.
```

>    - Choose the **Size** of the Google reCAPTCHA box that you want to appear. Options: Normal (default) / Compact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **Size**, choose the size of the Google reCAPTCHA box that you want to appear. Options: Normal (default) / Compact
```

>    - Choose the theme that you want to use to style the Google reCAPTCHA box. Options: Light Theme (default) / Dark Theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **Theme**, choose the theme that you want to use to style the Google reCAPTCHA box. Options: Light Theme (default) / Dark Theme
```

>    - Enter the two-character **[Language Code](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/language)** to specify the language used for Google reCAPTCHA text and messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **[Language Code](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/language)**, enter the two-character code to specify the language used for Google reCAPTCHA text and messaging.
```

>    - In the **reCAPTCHA Validation Failure Message** field, enter the message to appear if validation fails. Default: You cannot proceed with such operation, your reCAPTCHA reputation is too low.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **reCAPTCHA Validation Failure Message**, enter the message to appear if validation fails. Default: You cannot proceed with such operation, your reCAPTCHA reputation is too low.
```

   ![]({% link images/images/config-security-google-recaptcha-admin-v2-not-robot.png %}){: .zoom}
   [_reCAPTCHA v2 ("I am not a robot")_]({% link configuration/security/google-recaptcha-admin.md %})

1. To use _reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible_, expand the **reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible** section and do the following:

>      - In the **Google API Website Key** field, enter the website key that was created for this reCAPTCHA type when you registered your Google reCAPTCHA account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - For **Google API Website Key**, enter the website key that was created for this reCAPTCHA type when you registered your Google reCAPTCHA account.
```

>      - Enter the **Google API Secret Key** that is associated with your Google reCAPTCHA account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - For **Google API Secret Key**, enter the secret key that is associated with your Google reCAPTCHA account.
```

>       - Choose the **Invisible Badge Position** to be used on each page. Options: Inline / Bottom Right / Bottom Left

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Invisible Badge Position**, choose the badge position to be used on each page. Options: Inline / Bottom Right / Bottom Left
```

>       - Choose the **Theme** that is used to style the Google reCAPTCHA box. Options: Light Theme (default) / Dark Theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Theme**, choose the theme to be used to style the Google reCAPTCHA box. Options: Light Theme (default) / Dark Theme
```

>       - Enter a two-character **[Language Code](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/language)** that specifies the language that is used for Google reCAPTCHA text and messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **[Language Code](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/language)**, enter a two-character code that specifies the language that is used for Google reCAPTCHA text and messaging.
```

>       - In the **reCAPTCHA Validation Failure Message** field, enter the message to appear if validation fails. Default: You cannot proceed with such operation, your reCAPTCHA reputation is too low.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **reCAPTCHA Validation Failure Message**, enter the message to appear if validation fails. Default: You cannot proceed with such operation, your reCAPTCHA reputation is too low.
```

   ![]({% link images/images/config-security-google-recaptcha-admin-v2-invisible.png %}){: .zoom}
   [_reCAPTCHA v2 Invisible_]({% link configuration/security/google-recaptcha-admin.md %})

1. To use _reCAPTCHA v3 Invisible_, expand the **reCAPTCHA v3 Invisible** section and do the following:

>       - In the **Google API Website Key** field, enter the website key that was created for this reCAPTCHA type when you registered your Google reCAPTCHA account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Google API Website Key**, enter the website key that was created for this reCAPTCHA type when you registered your Google reCAPTCHA account.
```

>       - Enter the **Google API Secret Key** that is associated with your Google reCAPTCHA account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Google API Secret Key**, enter the secret key that is associated with your Google reCAPTCHA account.
```

>       - Enter the **Minimum Score Threshold** to identify when a user intraction is flagged as a potential risk; where 1.0 is a typical user interaction, and 0.0 is ikely a bot. Default: 0.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Minimum Score Threshold**, enter the score to identify when a user interaction is flagged as a potential risk; where 1.0 is a typical user interaction, and 0.0 is likely a bot. Default: 0.5
```

>       - Choose the **Invisible Badge Position** to be used on each page. Options: Inline / Bottom Right / Bottom Left

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Invisible Badge Position**, choose the position to be used on each page. Options: Inline / Bottom Right / Bottom Left
```

>       - Choose the **Theme** that is used to style the Google reCAPTCHA box. Options: Light Theme (default) / Dark Theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Theme**, choose the theme to be used to style the Google reCAPTCHA box. Options: Light Theme (default) / Dark Theme
```

>       - Enter a two-character **[Language Code](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/language)** that specifies the language that is used for Google reCAPTCHA text and messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **[Language Code](https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/language)**, enter a two-character code that specifies the language that is used for Google reCAPTCHA text and messaging.
```

>       - In the **reCAPTCHA Validation Failure Message** field, enter the message to appear if validation fails. Default: You cannot proceed with such operation, your reCAPTCHA reputation is too low.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **reCAPTCHA Validation Failure Message**, enter the message to appear if validation fails. Default: You cannot proceed with such operation, your reCAPTCHA reputation is too low.
```

   ![]({% link images/images/config-security-google-recaptcha-admin-v3-invisible.png %}){: .zoom}
   [_reCAPTCHA v3 Invisible_]({% link configuration/security/google-recaptcha-admin.md %})

1. Expand the **Admin Panel** section.

1. Clear the **Use system value** checkbox for each field that you want to configure.  Then, configure the following fields as needed.

   - Set **Enable for Login** to the reCAPTCHA type that you want to use for the Admin Sign In page.

   - Set **Enable for Forgot Password** to the reCAPTCHA type that you want to use for password reset requests.

![]({% link images/images/config-security-google-recaptcha-admin.png %}){: .zoom}
[_Admin Panel_]({% link configuration/security/google-recaptcha-admin.md %})

## Step 3: Configure Google reCAPTCHA Storefront

1. In the left panel under _Security_, choose **Google reCAPTCHA Storefront**.

> 1. Complete the section for each reCAPTCHA type that you want to use in the storefront. See the previous instructions for information about each option.

Reviewer: maybe link previous instructions to the section header?

Author: I think it's OK as is. it's just the previous step.
